# CS250-SDLC

### How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this? 
To interpret user needs, we create user stories, a concise explanation of the feature in the form of “As a User, I want to [feature], so that [value]”. User stories are usually created by the Product Owner to give the development team description of a feature without any direction on how to implement it. So that the creative process is fully in the hands of the development team.
### How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? 
Unless I’m working with a team, I don’t really have a process in place. I start with a loose idea, draft up some code and then refine it until I get to where I need to be. I would say that I approach developing programs as I do writing essays. In the future, if I am to work on some program that is more complex than solving an interview-level coding task, I want to try breaking down the application and maybe implement user stories and sprints. I think it will come in handy, especially given that I don’t usually have enough time to sit and write code for hours on end. Using sprints and user stories can help me stay on track and accomplish small increments every day, other than writing big bursts of code once every couple of weeks.
### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? 
In any team, it is important to pull your weight. No one wants to pick up the slack after irresponsible teammates. Clear communication is a must-have, especially seeing how plenty of companies work remotely these days. I’ve never seen an over-communication to be an issue, but a lack thereof always is. I think a good team member in software development should always offer help to anyone who might need it and yet be humble enough to accept it. Sharing knowledge is a big deal in the software development field, and it always contributes to both individual and team success. 
